Testbed for CVE-2022-26148: Grafana api_jsonrpc.php Zabbix Credentials Disclosure (#114)
google/security-testbeds: grafana/CVE-2022-26148/README.md

# CVE-2022-26148 Grafana api_jsonrpc.php Zabbix Credentials Disclosure

When using Grafana `7.3.4` (or older versions) integrated with Zabbix via
`alexanderzobnin-zabbix-app` plugin, the Zabbix username and password can be
leaked by directly inspecting the `html` source of the Grafana website's welcome page.

This is possible if:

> - anonymous access is permitted in Grafana, even if the permission level is set to `Viewer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Grafana anonymous access is permitted, even if the permission level is set to `Viewer`
```

- the password field is mistakenly included inside the `jsonData` object of the
  `datasource.yml` configuration file, instead of the correct `secureJsonData`
  (older version of the `alexanderzobnin-zabbix-app` may not contain the `secureJsonData` field).

When credentials are placed in `jsonData`, they become accessible in the frontend.

> What described before is true also for older versions of Grafana, with a slightly different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The case outline above also holds for older versions of Grafana, with a slightly different
```

> url to be targeted, for example the welcome page of Grafana version `v4.1.2` is `/login`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
target URL. For example, the welcome page of Grafana version `v4.1.2` is `/login`.
```
